Update limits-specifications-teams.md (#10260)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/limits-specifications-teams.md

<sup>4</sup> 28 KB is an approximate limit because it includes the message itself (text, image links, etc.), @-mentions, and reactions.

### External Access

> Administrators allowing only Trusted Domains for External access, are limited to adding a max of 4000 trusted domains. [See this article for more information](trusted-organizations-external-meetings-chat.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators allowing only trusted domains for external access are limited to adding a maximum of 4,000 trusted domains. For more information, see [Manage external meetings and chat with people and organizations using Microsoft identities](/microsoftteams/trusted-organizations-external-meetings-chat).
```
